docs(community): Add Plugins dev guide to Gardening pages (#1780)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: community/gardening/what-to-hack.md

* Visit the [list of beginner-friendly Spinnaker issues](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22beginner+friendly%22+). Each issue has a Slack channel referencing the issue number (e.g. #gardening-team-issue-5357). Check the channel to collaborate.

> * Create a custom separate stage plugin and familiarize yourself with using the framework. This uses the new SimpleStage extension point to add your custom pipeline stage to Spinnaker. Read more in the [Plugin Creators Guide](https://www.spinnaker.io/guides/developer/plugin-creators/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a custom-stage plugin and familiarize yourself with using the framework. This uses the new SimpleStage extension point to add your custom pipeline stage to Spinnaker. Read more in the [Plugin Creators Guide](https://www.spinnaker.io/guides/developer/plugin-creators/).
```

> * Create a custom separate stage plugin and familiarize yourself with using the framework. This will leverage the new  SimpleStage extension point to add your custom pipeline stage to Spinnaker. Read more in the [Plugin Creators Guide](https://www.spinnaker.io/guides/developer/plugin-creators/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a custom separate stage plugin and familiarize yourself with using the framework. This uses the new SimpleStage extension point to add your custom pipeline stage to Spinnaker. Read more in the [Plugin Creators Guide](https://www.spinnaker.io/guides/developer/plugin-creators/).
```
